[DOCS-1155] Updates to Run Forking availability (#1107)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/track/runs/forking.md

---

{{% alert color="secondary" %}}

> The ability to fork a run is available **only** for new projects in Multi-tenant SaaS Cloud. To enable it for an existing project, or to express interest in the feature for self-hosted or Dedicated Cloud, contact [W&B Support](mailto:support@wandb.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ability to fork a run is available **only** for Teams or Enterprise in Multi-tenant SaaS Cloud. To enable it for another project, or to express interest in the feature for self-hosted or Dedicated Cloud, contact [W&B Support](mailto:support@wandb.com).
```
